README.md, before:

## Hi, I'm Rafid ✨ 

🧠 A Computer Science fresh graduate from Institut Teknologi Kalimantan <br/>
🚀 Passionate about software design principles and interested in deepening his skills in backend architecture, DevOps, and contributing to open-source projects. <br/>
☁️ Skilled in cloud computing, with experience designing and deploying high-availability VM instances on Google Cloud for scalable backend systems. <br/>

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/rafidal._) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/rafid-al-khairy) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:drome.emord@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=flat&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=flat&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Rothiii&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Rothiii&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Rothiii&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true)<br/>

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/RafidAlKhairy) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Add personal website link to README
Added a personal website link to the README.

README.md, after:

## Hi, I'm Rafid ✨ 

🧠 A Computer Science fresh graduate from Institut Teknologi Kalimantan <br/>
🚀 Passionate about software design principles and interested in deepening his skills in backend architecture, DevOps, and contributing to open-source projects. <br/>
☁️ Skilled in cloud computing, with experience designing and deploying high-availability VM instances on Google Cloud for scalable backend systems. <br/><br/>
You can know me more at [my website](https://rafidportofolio.rothi.site) here.

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/rafidal._) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/rafid-al-khairy) [![email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:drome.emord@gmail.com) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=flat&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/typescript-%23007ACC.svg?style=flat&logo=typescript&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=flat&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![Go](https://img.shields.io/badge/go-%2300ADD8.svg?style=flat&logo=go&logoColor=white) ![Google Cloud](https://img.shields.io/badge/GoogleCloud-%234285F4.svg?style=flat&logo=google-cloud&logoColor=white) ![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-%23FF9900.svg?style=flat&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white) ![Cloudflare](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudflare-F38020?style=flat&logo=Cloudflare&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=flat&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Next JS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next-black?style=flat&logo=next.js&logoColor=white) ![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-%23CB3837.svg?style=flat&logo=npm&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-black?style=flat&logo=socket.io&badgeColor=010101) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/express.js-%23404d59.svg?style=flat&logo=express&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/nginx-%23009639.svg?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=flat&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![Postgres](https://img.shields.io/badge/postgres-%23316192.svg?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-4479A1.svg?style=flat&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/docker-%230db7ed.svg?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) ![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/kubernetes-%23326ce5.svg?style=flat&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white) ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Rothiii&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Rothiii&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=Rothiii&theme=github_dark&hide_border=true)<br/>

  ## 💰 You can help me by Donating
  [![PayPal](https://img.shields.io/badge/PayPal-00457C?style=for-the-badge&logo=paypal&logoColor=white)](https://paypal.me/RafidAlKhairy) 

  
<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
